Like I, I swear in Japan, like just normal marketing things.
They just don't care about that. Like advertisements everywhere.
Don't care about that. Oh, Oh,
there's a collaboration where I can get my favorite character poorly printed on
a latte. Oh, well, a hundred bucks. Hello.
Insane. When you see it on paper, it just sounds like a great pretender episode.
It's just like pull this off. This is like high five though.
This is like the ova episode, man. When they sell Christmas to the Japanese.
It's. It's like some ocean's 11 sheet with every marketing department. And like,
they, they, they do collaborations with stuff.
So this is a really common thing in Japan where they don't just market things
normally catch up adverts. It's like, you have to collaborate with businesses.
Like I went to the supermarket and I saw like washing detergent.
It was like a bongo, stray dogs, collaboration. Oh yeah.
We got one with Levi on it. Yeah. And I was like, okay, Levi, that makes sense.
But like some shows it's like, why,
why does Bango stray dogs have a collaboration with washing detergent?
It w it works. I'm a weep. It works. I see. I see.
Like I see Evangelu I see Oscar's face plus plus it on some coffee. I'm like.
No, no, no, no. This is why I hate it because to me, right.
You don't go to a fine dining restaurant, for example. Right.
I draw a smiley face on your hamburger. You'd be insulted.
Wouldn't you you'd be like, no, no, no, no. Where's my steak.
Why is there a smiley on it? This is the way I see stuff. And like,
if you put like characters on it or you put like, it's smiley faces, I hate it.
When Disney does that, by the way, when they put smiley faces on your food,
it's like, what is, what is my food? A joke to you? I want to eat it. Nevermind.
I'm going to go him. But like, to me,
you're making the product seem more childish by putting stuff on it.
So when I see these collaborations, like most of the time with like,
especially with the animals at the cafes, I'm like, this is all disgusting.
You're selling me a $3 latte for 10 times the price.
I mean, I feel like I'm offended. I mean, I feel like it's just, it's,
it's very similar to what they do in the West with celebrities. But like.
You know, you don't get like a Kim Kardashian latte.
Um, didn't Travis, Scott just do like a
Donald's wasn't that insanely like successful as well.
Hey, first of all, I've miss certain correct me if I'm wrong,
they didn't plaster his face on it.
I'm pretty sure they had like a specific menu. That was the.
Travis Travis Scott meal piece on it. Like I ordered a,
I went to the promise Netherland, uh, collaboration thing,
and there was a cafe and you could get one of the characters of the promise,
Neverland printed on your latter. And I thought, okay, fine. It's $10,
by the way, you want to add that? Which is ridiculous for a second.
With stuff like that, you have to understand that the fans will pay anything.
The amount of money for that one photo. Right? Right. So then I, you know, I go,
I go to habit and I got to drink it. And then as I drink this latte,
like this film of like the plastic, they printed.
It goes in my mouth and I'm.
Like, God, it's disgusting as viral.
And I don't wanna have to peel off my coffee to eat it. So I'm here, I'm here,
scooping it out, ruining this picture.
They printed on it and I've sent ended the hating, all of it.
I don't care how much your fan I am of something.
I don't want that printed my food. I mean, that's.
Kind of on you then for going into that cafe, right?
Like you could have easily just gone to a Starbucks, right?
If you go to the exhibition or whatever you go to these things,
I don't mean not that like, there's like enough that if you're a fan, right.
But then like you have to, you have to oblique Terry to go to the gift,
shop on the cafe because you know yeah. Of course you have to. And you know,
the gift shop sometimes has some good stuff,
but some stuff that I don't care about,
like they're obsessed with making coasters of characters. [inaudible].
The coast is I've noticed that as well, because it's, they're putting,
got you into it blind box.
So if you want to collect the character, she like, you got it.
You got to buy more. Right.
You got to buy an extra meal because that was exactly the same thing as when I
went to the fate museum as well.
It's like being a kid all over again with the happy meal toys. Yeah, man.
I remember one time. I like, I really there burger King,
we're doing this collaboration with like SpongeBob toys. And I was like, mum,
listen, this is the third I need to go destroy Patrick star. I've had mum,
can you please go and do like a Karen thing and get me the other toy?
And she was like, my parents used to do that all the time.
She would always go up and ask. But sometimes they'd be like, no, really?
Yeah. I've never heard of someone saying no. Yeah. Yeah. They usually just like,
whatever. I don't get paid enough to find it. Yeah, exactly. Right.
And it's like out of control, we got dogs would see on a kid.
I get paid six holes in it.
Oh, I'm just giving it to you. But yeah, I just,
I'm not a big fan of the collaboration cafes.
I just feel like you don't really get that good of an experience of the show.
I feel like a collaboration cafes are a bit. A bit Taki,
Taki, Taki.
Like I feel like most animate cafes are like that. I've never been,
I've never been to like an anime cafe and been impressed by it.
Because it's like, you go into this room, that's like a normal sized cafe.
And you're like, Oh,
they've just plastered paintings of the characters in the shows on the wall.
Yeah. It's like, they don't even get creative with it.
Like I would say I've been to quite a few because AKI likes to do videos on
there, but I'd say the only,
I've only ever been to two collaborative cafes where I was just like,
I would go back and that's the Pokemon cafe and the Kirby cafe.
But that's just because Nintendo has just so much bigger of a budget that they
can afford to get a little more creative with it. Right? Yeah.
So many of them,
you go and watch a YouTube video of someone like go into a cafe and it's like,
you could see,
these are the cheapest desperately trying to get like seven minutes out of this
cafe at the end of the day. It's just like,
it's literally just paintings on a wall.
Yeah. I went to the, whether I'm with you cafe and that was so close.
It's the same formula every time. Like if you come to Japan,
come to like one anime cafe and then realize that that's,
that's the experience with every cafe, you know, you,
the way I see it is that you come once as a tourist and you're like, Oh,
it was cool.
And then you just don't go to any others because they're all the same. No, no.
I was gonna say like also how they get you with all these like animate cafes is
that they they're only open for limited amounts of time. Right.
So there's a sense of make money. There's a sense of urgency where it's like,
Oh, the promise, Netherland and cafes only open for two weeks. Yeah. I mean,
I would promise Neverland and then you go and you get disappointed.
And before you can file a complaint, it's it's viral as well.
It's all microwave food or whatever. The Kirby cafe though,
had some really good food. I was like, I was like, I was actually like, wow,
okay.
No, I want to have someone be like, you must try this souffle. You must,
you must go to the square in the collaboration cafe for the best.
Cause it's not like going to the Jojo bar where there was obviously like a fan
of Jojo personalize, these cocktails in the streets, a bunch of corporate,
it's all sponsored. It's all corporate businessmen stamping like Hmm. Yes.
Collaboration. We do coasters.
Let's print the character on a latte and put some anime posters up and then sell
a bunch of clear falls.
What do you like breaking 70 dreams right now? Like swimming. How listen,
if you come here on a, on like a visiting, you'll probably find it interesting.
If there's a show you really liked. But in general.
[Inaudible] like the cafe is always the lowest point to any like big anime
event. Cause I went, I went to the fake cafe,
but that was the fake cafe in the fates museum.
And the museum exhibition actually was awesome. Oh yeah.
Cause you got to see the entire history of this franchise.
Like of not just fake,
but like the entire like type and moon universe and everything. Cool.
If it's like a co like, cause I went to the corner super cafe,
but that was in par with the corners of a movie.
So you can only go to this cafe if you bought tickets to the movie.
So that was like, okay, you know, it's like a little bonus thing,
but I wouldn't go all the way to central Tokyo. It's got a corner soup.
It's just not worth it. Like I,
I definitely wouldn't recommend going to any pop-up cafes.
If something's limited time, then they have not put effort into no, no.
The, the,
the best our interior is actually like the one I made a video and we just let
the 3d latte, all that cafe. So good.
Just suck your Dick there. She's like mama say that you're in a good cafe.
I've been to is the one that I made. I wouldn't make.
A video on it if I didn't think it was good. Right? Like.
That again, that's like a permanent cafe. Cause you can literally.
That's part of it.
The thing is that you can take in like anything that you want.
You're like make it free D yeah. Like they'll find a way to do it. It's so cool.
What's it like down Twitter, posts like crazy. The owner is so good. So funny.
Yeah. That's the thing it's like, again, like, again,
the reason why I like the Pokemon cafe and the Kirby cafe.
So it goes because they're permanent. Yeah. They're always there every,
every season they're like, Oh,
we can bring out something a little bit more experimental. If it doesn't work,
take it out.